Some Update for VM backup, snapshot and restore (#387)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/backup-restore.md

1. Go to the `VM Backups` page.
1. Click `Replace Existing`.

> 1. The restore process can be viewed from the `Virtual Machines` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can view the restore process from the `Virtual Machines` page.
```

Author: Updated per suggestion. Thanks.

1. Go to the `VM Snapshots` page.
1. Click `Replace Existing`.

> 1. The restore process can be viewed from the `Virtual Machines` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can view the restore process from the `Virtual Machines` page.
```

Author: Updated per suggestion. Thanks.
